[Actions][Doc] Added user doc for default value for PagerDuty deduplication key. (#92746)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/alerting/action-types/pagerduty.asciidoc

+
* The action’s type: Trigger, Resolve, or Acknowledge.
* The event’s severity: Info, warning, error, or critical.

> * An array of different fields, including the timestamp, group, class, component, and your dedup key. Default dedup key value is `{{alertId}}:{{alertInstanceId}`, which means that PagerDuty incident will be created for each alert instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An array of different fields, including the timestamp, group, class, component, and your dedup key. By default the dedup is configured to create a new PagerDuty incident for each alert instance and reuse the incident when a recovered alert instance reactivates.
```

Reviewer 2: ++

Severity::      The perceived severity of on the affected system. This can be one of `Critical`, `Error`, `Warning` or `Info`(default).
Event action::  One of `Trigger` (default), `Resolve`, or `Acknowledge`. See https://v2.developer.pagerduty.com/docs/events-api-v2#event-action[event action] for more details.

> Dedup Key::     All actions sharing this key will be associated with the same PagerDuty alert. This value is used to correlate trigger and resolution. This value is *optional*, and if unset defaults to `<alert ID>:<alert instance ID>`. The maximum length is *255* characters. See https://v2.developer.pagerduty.com/docs/events-api-v2#alert-de-duplication[alert deduplication] for details. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dedup Key::     All actions sharing this key will be associated with the same PagerDuty alert. This value is used to correlate trigger and resolution. This value is *optional*, and if not set, defaults to `<alert ID>:<alert instance ID>`. The maximum length is *255* characters. See https://v2.developer.pagerduty.com/docs/events-api-v2#alert-de-duplication[alert deduplication] for details. 
```
